some 86 a prayer of David bow down your
some 86 a prayer of David bow down your ear o Lord hear me for I am poor and
ear o Lord hear me for I am poor and
ear o Lord hear me for I am poor and needy preserve my life for I am holy you
needy preserve my life for I am holy you
needy preserve my life for I am holy you are my god save your servant who trusts
are my god save your servant who trusts
are my god save your servant who trusts in you be merciful to me O Lord for I
in you be merciful to me O Lord for I
in you be merciful to me O Lord for I cry to you all day long
cry to you all day long
cry to you all day long rejoice the soul of your servant for to
rejoice the soul of your servant for to
rejoice the soul of your servant for to you O Lord I lift up my soul for you
you O Lord I lift up my soul for you
you O Lord I lift up my soul for you Lord are good and ready to forgive and
Lord are good and ready to forgive and
Lord are good and ready to forgive and abundant in mercy to all those who call
abundant in mercy to all those who call
abundant in mercy to all those who call upon you give ear o Lord to my prayer
upon you give ear o Lord to my prayer
upon you give ear o Lord to my prayer and attend to the voice of my
and attend to the voice of my
and attend to the voice of my supplications in the day of my trouble I
supplications in the day of my trouble I
supplications in the day of my trouble I will call upon you for you will answer
will call upon you for you will answer
will call upon you for you will answer me among the gods there is none like You
me among the gods there is none like You
me among the gods there is none like You O Lord nor are there any works like your
O Lord nor are there any works like your
O Lord nor are there any works like your works all nations whom you have made
works all nations whom you have made
works all nations whom you have made shall come and worship before you O Lord
shall come and worship before you O Lord
shall come and worship before you O Lord and shall glorify your name for you are
and shall glorify your name for you are
and shall glorify your name for you are great and do wondrous things you alone
great and do wondrous things you alone
great and do wondrous things you alone are God
are God
are God teach me your way O Lord I will walk in
teach me your way O Lord I will walk in
teach me your way O Lord I will walk in your truth unite my heart to fear your
your truth unite my heart to fear your
your truth unite my heart to fear your name I will praise you O Lord my God
name I will praise you O Lord my God
name I will praise you O Lord my God with all my heart and I will glorify
with all my heart and I will glorify
with all my heart and I will glorify your name forevermore for great is your
your name forevermore for great is your
your name forevermore for great is your mercy toward me and you have delivered
mercy toward me and you have delivered
mercy toward me and you have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol
my soul from the depths of Sheol
my soul from the depths of Sheol Oh God but proud have risen against me
Oh God but proud have risen against me
Oh God but proud have risen against me and a mob of violent men have sought my
and a mob of violent men have sought my
and a mob of violent men have sought my life and have not set you before them
life and have not set you before them
life and have not set you before them but you O Lord are a god full of
but you O Lord are a god full of
but you O Lord are a god full of compassion and gracious long-suffering
compassion and gracious long-suffering
compassion and gracious long-suffering and abundant in mercy and truth o turned
and abundant in mercy and truth o turned
and abundant in mercy and truth o turned to me and have mercy on me give your
to me and have mercy on me give your
to me and have mercy on me give your strength to your servant and save the
strength to your servant and save the
strength to your servant and save the son of your maidservant show me a sign
son of your maidservant show me a sign
son of your maidservant show me a sign for good that those who hate me may see
for good that those who hate me may see
for good that those who hate me may see it and be ashamed because you Lord have
it and be ashamed because you Lord have
it and be ashamed because you Lord have helped me and comforted me
helped me and comforted me
helped me and comforted me you